NETFLIX TO ACQUIRE WARNER BROS. FOLLOWING THE SEPARATION OF DISCOVERY
GLOBAL FOR A TOTAL ENTERPRISE VALUE OF $82.7 BILLION
(Equity Value of $72.0 Billion)
Transaction Unites Warner Bros.’ Iconic Franchises and Storied Libraries with Netflix’s
Leading Entertainment Service, Creating an Extraordinary Offering for Consumers
Netflix to Maintain Warner Bros.’ Current Operations
Combination Will Offer More Choice and Greater Value for Consumers, Create More
Opportunities for the Creative Community and Generate Shareholder Value
Acquisition Will Strengthen the Entertainment Industry

HOLLYWOOD, Calif., Dec. 5, 2025 — Today, Netflix, Inc. (the Company) and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (WBD) announced they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Netflix will acquire Warner Bros., including its film and television studios, HBO Max and HBO.

The cash and stock transaction is valued at $27.75 per WBD share (subject to a collar as detailed below), with a total enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion (equity value of $72.0 billion). The transaction is expected to close after the previously announced separation of WBD’s Global Networks division, Discovery Global, into a new publicly-traded company, which is now expected to be completed in Q3 2026.

Transaction Details and Timing

Under the terms of the agreement, each WBD shareholder will receive $23.25 in cash and $4.501 in shares of Netflix common stock for each share of WBD common stock outstanding at the closing of the transaction. The transaction values Warner Bros. Discovery at $27.75 per share, implying a total equity value of approximately $72.0 billion and an enterprise value of approximately $82.7 billion

In June 2025, WBD announced plans to separate its Streaming & Studios and Global Networks divisions into two separate publicly traded companies. This separation is now expected to be completed in Q3 2026, prior to the closing of this transaction. The newly separated publicly traded company holding the Global Networks division, Discovery Global, will include premier entertainment, sports and news television brands around the world including CNN, TNT Sports in the U.S., and Discovery, free-to-air channels across Europe, and digital products such as Discovery+ and Bleacher Report.

The stock component is subject to a collar under which WBD shareholders will receive Netflix stock valued at $4.50 per share, provided the 15-day volume weighted average price (“VWAP”) of Netflix stock price (measured three trading days prior to closing) falls between $97.91 and $119.67. If the VWAP is below $97.91, WBD shareholders will receive 0.0460 Netflix shares for each WBD share. If the VWAP is above $119.67, WBD shareholders will receive 0.0376 Netflix shares for each WBD share.

The transaction was unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both Netflix and WBD. In addition to the completion of the separation of Discovery Global (WBD’s Global Networks business), completion of the transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals, approval of WBD shareholders and other customary closing conditions. The transaction is expected to close in 12-18 months.
