NORTHWIND LOGISTICS TO ACQUIRE HARBOR FREIGHT SYSTEMS
March 14, 2026

Northwind Logistics, Inc. (NASDAQ: NWLG) “Northwind” and Harbor Freight
Systems Ltd. (“Harbor”) today announced a definitive agreement under which
Northwind will acquire Harbor for $18.50 per share in cash, valuing Harbor at
an enterprise value of $4.2 billion.

Highlights of the transaction:

- Expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026, subject to regulatory
  clearance and approval by Harbor shareholders
- Funded through $2.1 billion of cash on hand and a $2.3 billion committed
  credit facility
- Management expects annual run-rate cost synergies of $260 million by the
  third year following close
- The combined network will operate 412 distribution centers across 19
  countries

“This combination gives us the density we have been building toward for a
decade,” said Northwind chief executive Dana Ruiz. “Harbor’s coastal
terminals complement our inland network almost perfectly — we expect to route
freight in ways neither company could alone.”

Northwind said the transaction is expected to be accretive to adjusted
earnings per share within 24 months of closing. The company also said it
expects to reduce combined fleet emissions intensity by 15% by 2030 through
route consolidation and continued electrification of short-haul vehicles.

Harbor reported revenue of $3.1 billion for the twelve months ended December
31, 2025, a decline of 4% from the prior year. Harbor attributed the decline
to softer transpacific volumes and elevated port congestion during the first
half of the year.

Analysts have noted that integrations of this size frequently take longer
than management projects, and that the synergy target assumes retention of
Harbor’s terminal operations staff, whose union contracts expire in 2027.
Northwind said it does not expect the transaction to result in net job
reductions at Harbor’s terminal facilities.

The boards of directors of both companies unanimously approved the
transaction. Advisors were not disclosed.
